

IEEE  Distinguished Lecturer Presentation hosted jointly by the 
IEEE Ottawa EMC Chapter, and the IEEE Ottawa MTT/AP Chapter

----------------------------------------------------------------

Speaker  :   Professor Madhavan Swaminathan, Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta GA

Topic    :   Designing for Power Integrity, Status, Challenges, and Opportunities

Date     :   Tuesday March 19, 2013

Time     :   6:00 PM  to 8:00 PM

Location :   FIDUS SYSTEMS Inc.,35 Fitzgerald Road, Suite 400, Ottawa, ON,K2H 1E6
            

Admission:   Free, and is on a first to reply basis.
             Preference given to IEEE EMC/MTT/AP society members.  
             Seating is limited. E-mail Reservation is required.
             Pizza and soft drinks will be served. 
           
Contact  :   Dr. Syed Bokhari, Chairman, IEEE Ottawa EMC chapter
             Syed.Bokhari@fidus.ca, 
             Office :(613) 828-0063 Ext. 377, Cell: (613) 355 - 6632
            
             Dr. Qingsheng Zeng , Chairman of the IEEE Ottawa MTT/AP Chapters
             [qingsheng.zeng@crc.gc.ca]

           
Abstract

Since the mid-1990s, designers have been developing sophisticated methods 
for managing power integrity in packages and printed circuit boards which 
has had a direct impact on the signal integrity of systems. These have 
included items such as developing design parameters such as target impedance, 
developing repeatable frequency domain characterization methods, pushing 
the EDA vendors to improve the capability of the design tools, developing 
new devices such as EBGs to improve isolation, developing embedded capacitance 
layers to name a few. However, the designers are continuing to face challenges 
where the noise on the power distribution is beginning to over shadow the 
signals in fast switching environments arising in high speed computing systems. 
These challenges are often times opportunities for university research that can 
lead to interesting and often times innovative solutions.  This talk will 
cover a review of the past developments in this area and will focus on the 
present challenges and potential solutions in the area of power delivery.


Biography
---------

Madhavan Swaminathan is the John Pippin Chair in Electromagnetics in the School 
of Electrical and Computer Engineering (ECE) and Director of the Interconnect 
and Packaging Center, Georgia Tech and the Founder and CTO of E-System Design, 
a company focusing on the development of CAD tools for achieving signal and 
power integrity in integrated 3D micro and nano-systems. He is also the co-founder 
of Jacket Micro Devices, a company that specialized in integrated RF modules and 
substrates for wireless applications that was acquired by AVX Corporation. He 
formerly held the position of Joseph M. Pettit Professor in Electronics in ECE 
and Deputy Director of the NSF Microsystems Packaging Center at Georgia Tech. 
Prior to joining Georgia Tech, he was with IBM working on packaging for 
supercomputers. He is the author of more than 350 journal and conference 
publications, holds 27 patents, is the author of 3 book chapters, primary author 
and co-editor of 2 books - Power Integrity Modeling and Design for Semiconductors 
and Systems, Prentice Hall, Nov 2007 and Introduction to System on Package, 
MCGraw Hill, Mar. 2008 in the field of packaging and has won several awards 
including the Technical Excellence Award from Semiconductor Research Corporation. 
He is an IEEE Fellow and serves as the Distinguished Lecturer for the IEEE EMC 
society for the 2012- 2013 term. He received his M.S and PhD degrees in Electrical 
Engineering from Syracuse University in 1989 and 1991, respectively.



  

